Well, when you come in, please tell us where you're from so we know where the viewers are tonight.
It's fun.
I always told Braden, "Isn't it exciting?
We can do a graph, or a poll.
It always tells us where people are coming from.
" Yeah, a chart.
So, you always know your demographics.
There you go.
It's exciting.
I am so thankful that there are so many of you from all over the world.
India, and one lady said Kuwait.
Somebody said Kuwait.
Yes.
I was like Hawaii, Asia.
If our internet is not very good tonight, please let us know.
We've had big storms in Oklahoma today, tornadoes and bad weather.
If the internet connection's not very good, we had to wait until the storms passed to be able to start tonight because of how bad they were.
It was pretty rough.
But we took our authority and they passed.
They were not too far from us.
You could see them go by.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that we have power and authority over storms?
I talked to one of the people, and Rita is her name.
She said, "I was in my storm shelter the whole time, but I was using my authority and it passed right on by.
" I asked her, "Did you hear?
" Because I knew it went over this lady's house.
I asked, "Can you hear it?
" She said, "Yes.
It sounds like trains.
It's so loud, even from where we were, you could hear the clouds turning.
They make such a loud noise.
What's amazing is you know when you have wind gusts and straight line winds, it's just blowing at surface level.
But whenever you hear a tornado turning up in the clouds and it's getting ready to come down, you can hear it up there.
It sounds like a freight train.
It's so powerful.
And so, it's pretty amazing weather.
As I've been praying over it, the Lord warned me.
He said, "Braden, I told you it'd be a very active season.
This has already started.
We're just in the first part of March and we're already having two fatalities in Oklahoma, and that's too much.
" All right.
Well, let's get started.
Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again.
We're excited to be here.
Braden is here, and like I said, we've been praying most of the night for these storms.
Braden has some clips for you.
He took his class today and learned how to do the coloring and trying to figure all that out.
So, he got a new camera.
He's excited to be able to try to practice with this.
He's trying to expand his tent for the revival.
The Lord told us he wants to record the miracles for what's about to happen to give an account with good video quality.
You know, I know we could use our iPhone, but the Lord said, "I want excellence.
Let's do this big.
" I said, "Yeah, when somebody's legs are going to grow out, let's get good video coverage and put it all over the internet.
I know that God is going to use us for this end-time revival.
" And Braden, I truly believe with all my heart, son, the Lord, we're going to record these miracles.
We're going to record the signs of the fog coming in the room and people go, "Is that AI?
" No, you're going to feel the glory through the camera lens.
You can't fake the glory.
If you're watching something and the glory is not really there, you know it's AI.
But when you know the presence of the Lord is truly there and it comes through the camera lens, kind of like when you watch a healing service like Billy Burke, you can feel it.
I'm just anticipating being able to, with Braden increasing his knowledge on computer editing, trying really hard.
He's doing really good, but I have an urgency.
I told him, "What does this 2026 look like?
Are we ready?
Are we prepared for what's about to happen?
Is the church ready?
Does the church have good equipment?
" It's important because we're going to show the world that God is still the I Am.
I Am that I Am.
Last night, that was probably the coolest vision I've had in a long time, y'all.
I'll be real with you.
When I saw that, at first I saw the skeleton, and the skeleton was being held up by the spinal column, and you could see the ribs, but I couldn't see the bottom half of the body.
All I could see as I was praying into this was a skeleton, and it looked like it was coming alive.
When I saw the whirlwind around it, I thought it was demonic.
I thought, I'm seeing something evil right now.
All of a sudden, I was able to take a step back from the vision and see the whirlwind that looked like a tornado turning around this skeleton system.
As I was watching this in the spirit, I could see the flesh, bone, muscle, tendons, and tissue all coming back into this.
It started from the toes and went up through the calf, to the knees, to the waist, to the stomach.
When it got right here, I could see the heart starting to get ready to pump and the flesh was coming back.
The lungs were being restored.
The skin and the hair went all the way back up.
And I saw the skeleton's mouth open.
All of a sudden, that whirlwind went inside of that mouth like you swallow it.
Life, hair, everything.
He looked Middle Eastern.
The Lord said, "How dead is dead?
Dead is dead.
" But having a decayed body get up right in front of your face when it was just a skeleton system—it's already deteriorated, it's already been gone for a year or six months—I don't know.
How long does it take for your body to deteriorate like that in a coffin?
Pretty gross.
Or in the dirt, their skeletons or whatever.
I don't know.
Maybe a wood coffin.
I don't know what that would look like.
I've never seen somebody decay like that.
But the bones looked yellow from where the blood was, from the body where the body had life at one time.
They were stained.
They didn't look white like white bones.
They looked like bones that had been stained.
Human goo, you know?
As I saw it come back to life, the hollowed-out eyes came back in.
The Lord kept saying, "How dead is dead?
" I said, "Those that were dead, yet shall he live.
" Then he gave me the scripture from Ezekiel.
He said, "Brandon, I've done it once, I'll do it again.
If I did it once, I'll do it again.
" I saw in the scripture where Ezekiel spoke to the bones, and I read it to you all last night.
The Lord said, "If I did it once, I'll do it again," as a sign to the unbeliever.
If you got Uncle Bob that died a couple years ago and God sent him back through the power of the Holy Ghost and he comes back and knocks on your door, hey, Bob's here, you're going to believe real quick, aren't you?
That's what the Lord showed me.
I saw this man going to a family in an Iranian area, wherever this was.
It was the Middle East.
He was talking to the relatives.
There was a swarm of family around him.
Women with the drapes on their heads, family members, and they were in awe at what they were seeing.
Some of them were spooked out in this vision and all this encounter I had last night.
I don't go into the depth of it, I'm doing it now.
The glory was there.
They were touching his face, they were touching his hands, they were touching his body.
And he was telling them, You must know Jesus Christ.
And I saw the scripture where the Bible said, The dead in Christ will rise first, and those that are remaining will be caught up.
How long?
What did you write on there for me?
Oh, is your faith a couple hours dead or deteriorated?
That is what the Lord said.
We can believe God if their body is only a little cold.
Some of you get up, you still have blood in you, but if you have been embalmed and you are deteriorated and you are a skeleton in the ground and there is nothing left, dead is dead.
The Lord said, And the dead in Christ will rise first.
And he said, Brandon, I am about to do something that has never been done before in these last days for the unbeliever.
I am going to give a sign to the unbelievers.
I am going to shake the unbelievers with shock and awe.
The dead in Christ will rise first.
But how big is that window?
And those that remain are caught up.
What does it say?
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven.
This is 1 Thessalonians 4:16-17.
Okay, just keep it still, son.
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of an archangel, with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first.
Then verse 17, then we, that is me and you, which are alive and remain, shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air.
And so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Go to Ezekiel.
When the Lord was showing me last night in Ezekiel 37:1-4, he said to me, Son of man, can these bones live?
So I answered, Oh Lord God, you know.
Again he said to me, Prophesy to these bones and say to them, Oh dry bones, hear the word of the Lord.
Thus saith the Lord God to the bones: Surely I will cause breath to enter into you and you shall live.
I will put sinews on you and bring flesh upon you, cover you with skin and put breath in you and you shall live; then you shall know that I am the Lord.
I like the King James Version better.
I am old school a lot of times when it comes to this stuff.
But I want to read just the part right here.
And thus saith the Lord God unto those bones, Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live, and I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and you shall live, and ye shall know that I am the Lord.
So I prophesied as I was commanded, and as I prophesied there was a noise, a whirlwind, a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone.
And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above, but there was no breath in them.
The tendons came back just like the Lord showed me.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
It is all coming back.
I just got so excited when I saw that because I said, Lord, and the Lord said, Brandon, how dead does it have to be?
Dead is dead.
I told you the dead will be raised.
Well, I thought, they have been dead for a couple of hours.
Maybe a big deal would be 24 hours.
Maybe embalmed, but they are not decayed.
I am thinking we will see some services; you walk into them and you see the preacher preaching on the stage and all of a sudden they come back and say, I want to tell everybody about what I saw.
I could see that.
But no blood, no flesh, no bones, no muscles left.
Everything deteriorated.
Bam.
The dead in Christ.
I thought about what the Lord was saying to me last night when I saw that.
And that is why I said, Lord, I believe.
Help my unbelief.
Because in my little mind, I am thinking, I know you are able to.
I know you can.
Wow.
I saw it.
As it got to the lungs, I could see the lungs moving around and getting life in it, and the heart, and all the stuff coming up, and that skin was just coming back on that body.
And so I prophesied as I was commanded.
And as I prophesied, there was a noise, a whirlwind, a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone.
And when I beheld, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above, but there was no breath in them.
Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind.
Prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord, Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live.
I truly believe we are about to see something we have never seen before.
It has to do with what the Lord said: the dead in Christ shall rise first.
There is something more to that scripture than what we are seeing.
The Lord showed me something last night.
Just like I saw those angels blowing the trumpets not too long ago with the water coming up out of their body, and there was a waterfall inside of them.
As they started blowing the trumpets, all the fish died in the water.
I heard him say, Woe, woe, woe, the great and terrible day of the Lord.
Scripture is going to start to come alive.
You are going to read the Bible and you are going to see it in the news.
You are going to read the Bible and you are going to see it manifest in church.
That is what the Lord showed me.
He said, Brandon, you do not realize where you really are.
You still truly do not.
I said, Lord, I believe I do, but you say I do not, so I know I do not.
You do not have enough urgency.
You truly do not realize where you are with the signs of the times of the coming Lord Jesus Christ.
Your heart says otherwise to me.
There is not enough urgency, Brandon.
If he is saying that to me, I say, Oh Lord, search me and know me.
Forgive me.
Look at what is going on overseas right now with Israel and all the war.
This is not normal.
What we are about to see with the glorious church is not going to be normal.
We have heard it and we became desensitized to it and we think it is just church normal.
Like a frog in a pot getting hotter.
I am talking too much.
Go ahead.
I want you to play that clip.
I want to show you what we talked about on March 3rd.
I gave this word and I told you what I was seeing concerning this man on March 3rd.
I started praying over this and this is very serious.
I told you this is very serious.
Ready?
Go ahead.
Play.
And then I saw this man be assassinated on a stage with microphones in front of him.
He was behind a pulpit and he was talking to a crowd and it looked like he was appointed to be the leader over that nation.
The Iranian people have called on me to lead the transition after the regime is gone.
I have accepted that responsibility.
As he was talking, he was outside from the right.
It was up high.
I saw somebody take him out, and it went right through his chest and his collarbone area, as he probably had a bulletproof vest on, but it went through his neck area and went through him and went out.
He was done.
As I watched this, I heard the people screaming.
I could see it in the vision.
I heard the people screaming.
I heard them acting up, freaking out because of what they just witnessed.
But they brought in another after this man was taken over.
I saw this man after he was done; I saw a bad leader come in again and that Lord heard him.
I heard him say, I told you this would be a window, not a door.
Not like Cuba, not like Mexico, not like Venezuela.
I will bring in leaders for those nations and great revival will come forth out of there, but there will be a longer time frame.
I saw Iran flip quickly back to bringing in some bozo like the Ayatollah again.
Did you know that they announced that today?
That man that I, the Lord, showed me in the vision.
So we prayed for his safety, but I saw he would come in and be a leader and it would be short-lived for his life was in danger.
His life was in danger.
And I saw them assassinate him.
Next, I saw this concerning Qasem Soleimani and I saw I heard the show play that video.
Can you play that short with the Soleimani?
Yes.
First, you can play both, but show me giving the word and then what they said.
Okay, you say it.
Yeah.
Can you put both, but I want them to see what the Lord said.
Yes.
And then what they are saying on the news.
I am sorry I throw that at you.
No, it is good.
So, we are in a time.
This is a very serious time is what I am trying to tell you concerning what is going on.
We have the pictures and they are turning into blood.
Okay.
Don Jr.
Okay, got it.
It is a very good one.
It was one of my favorite ones you have made.
Now, I gave the Lord gave this word back last summer.
Yes, for sure.
Last summer, the Lord gave this to us in a vision.
Seven months.
July 21st.
Okay, play it.
Generals on paintings, oil-based paintings in frames that were really beautiful frames.
And below this picture was fire and it was consuming and they are in hell and they were fading away for they looked like spirits.
They looked like ghosts.
And as the fire was burning the pictures, they said, We want revenge.
And the Lord showed me Don Jr.
and he became a photo and the fire was trying to eat him.
For they say, If we cannot get to Trump, we will take out his son in revenge of what he did to our generals.
I saw him in a tuxedo with a white shirt with black stud buttons.
I saw flashing lights like photography like the paparazzi and all of a sudden he was shot right here in his chest.
Then I went to President Trump and I could see him weeping because of what had happened.
I could see the funeral and he could barely walk.
He was so grieving.
He was grieving so bad.
He could barely walk.
He was stumbling.
They had to help him, hold him up as he was travailing like in travail, weeping over his son's life being taken.
And then I could see Melania and she had a black hat on.
She had a veil on her face that was black.
You see like a net and it was over her face and she had black sunglasses on.
She was trying to support Trump as he was walking to the funeral.
The Lord said after you have seen all this, this is what he said at the end.
What are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do about this?
I thought, well, we will raise up a stand.
We will pray.
When the enemy tries to come in, the spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
I believe that is why we are here, ladies and gentlemen, to pray these things down.
We saw this back last summer, and the Lord keeps bringing Don Jr.
up to me all the time.
Pray for this man, pray for Eric, pray for his daughter Kai.
I pray for them too, but it has always been about the sons, the older boys.
And the Lord said they want revenge for Soleimani.
So today they put out this article on Fox.
And this is how serious I told you when we were interceding for it two nights ago.
And I said we must pray for Don.
We must continue to lift this man up.
The enemy has a plan, but God has a greater plan.
And I believe with all my heart that a thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
Now I know that certain things I have seen when I told you about that man, the other man that was a leader.
I feel that we cannot stop some things, but I know we can stop this.
He says, Cuz what are you going to do about it?
So I believe with all my heart when I heard this today and Braden said, Daddy, this is what the Lord showed you.
It is starting to come.
It is starting to come in the news.
Play it, son.
Merchant was arrested just one day before Trump was shot in Butler, Pennsylvania, and later told the feds that he believed Iran was behind that attack because it was so similar to the plan that they gave him, kind of get up in an elevated place, go to a rally, and create all this chaos so the gunman can get away.
Merchant says Iran wants revenge for the killing of their top military leader, Qasem Soleimani.
And threats continue as the US just bombed Iran and took out its Ayatollah.
We are expecting even more threats here, possibly on the homeland, according to the feds.
Back out here live in Brooklyn.
Prosecutors say the evidence is pretty damning in this case.
They say he actually paid FBI agents thousands of.
So the man that I said, he is right there dead.
He is dead.
That is who we took out, one of the top generals.
Now the Ayatollah.
So, praying for Trump's protection, praying for his boys' protection, praying for vice president's protection, praying for Marco Rubio and then everybody else concerning our nation, concerning our law enforcement.
I truly believe we are turning this thing through the power of prayer.
Now, they have a major escalation of things tonight.
They say the drama is ramping up big time.
I do not know if you have that clip.
I sent it to you.
If you do not, that is fine.
I showed you all the explosions.
But then another thing, what did I tell you the Lord said about the fish coming up from the deep?
Look, go ahead and look at this.
This is tonight.
Is this Israel, son?
I did not understand if that was Israel.
A major escalation now in Iran.
So that is Iran.
I believe I saw this article so that is not this one, but I saw they said Israel bombed Iran's airport or something like that.
They missile struck them or something.
I truly believe before this is all over with they will hit their oil wells.
They are going to hit their oil.
They are going to hit their gas.
They are going to hit everything.
I just see it happening.
I keep seeing it happening.
And as this happened, I saw the price of oil go skyrocket high with it.
Well, what does that have to do?
It does not have anything to do with America or where we get our supply from.
It is about the petro-dollar.
It has to do with the world market.
All in my opinion.
I say that it is not financial advice because I did not realize people could invest in this kind of stuff and so that people go, Oh, you are telling me what?
No, I'm not telling you nothing.
It's my opinion of what I believe I've seen by the spirit of God.
You have to pray and ask God what he's told you, because I can miss it.
I can miss it.
I'm just human, but I see in part, and you need to know that.
Here we see that.
So then the oarfish, the fish all on the shore.
Did you see that?
I got it.
Yes.
I don't remember because somebody sent that to me and I said, 'Look at that.
' Okay.
These people are trying to put these fish back in the water, and these are coming from the depth, but there's so many of them.
Now, read what he said.
Read what it says.
Oarfish update: another oarfish was just spotted on March 4th of this year in Vietnam.
This is looking very similar to the multitude of oarfish sightings before the 9.
1 great earthquake in Japan in 2011 and an 8.
8 magnitude in 2025.
What I'm trying to tell you is the Lord said right before the ring of fire gets really active, I saw fish, but not just fish from the deep.
I saw loads of fish washing up on the shore.
The Lord said this has to do with underwater volcanoes.
Do you have that?
I believe so.
Underwater with all the fish washing up on the shore, underwater volcanoes.
He said, 'This would be a sign.
Pay attention to this for a major earthquake.
' I saw Japan being split.
I saw the mountain explode in Japan.
The mountain that has the goji berries—all the...
watch this mountain.
I went and the whole top of it went away.
Is this the one by the dead fish?
Yes.
Is that like on the west coast?
Yeah.
On the west coast.
That's where the volcano goes out by the Oregon coastline because the Lord said that volcano is going to go off and it's going to cause a tsunami.
If you've been following me for a while, we've been praying over stuff for a while now.
The stuff we prayed over six months ago is starting to show up in the news.
He's talking about the fish again.
I see fish in the water floating on the top.
I see many fish on the top of the water floating like dead.
They're on the water dead.
There's fish all in the coastline dead.
I see thousands of fish dead upon the sea.
Little fish, big fish.
There's thousands of them on a coastline.
I believe this looks like the west coast.
This is by California in this area.
This is what's happening in the water.
Pay attention to what's going on in the water.
There are volcanic eruptions about to take place.
Major things are about to take place.
I see fish dead upon the water.
Not just a few, like thousands.
He's talking about the fish again.
We see the fish in the deep and I saw that.
If we start to see those things start to manifest and you see lots and lots of fish, know folks that these words are a harbinger.
They're words to warn us to pray.
This is why the Lord wanted us to pray over this stuff.
I see things.
I believe the Lord said, 'I called you on YouTube to raise up a prayer army.
' That's what we're going to do right now.
We're going to pray over these things.
We're going to pray over our nation.
We're going to pray over the St.
Patrick's Day parade for Chicago.
We're going to pray over New York City.
We're going to pray over Don Jr.
and Eric.
We're going to pray over their investments for crypto to get the Clarity Act done for the Senate and the House to pass these things and to stop squabbling in the banking, that clarity will come with this.
I've prayed over that too concerning JP Morgan holding it back with a rocket.
I believe that chain that was holding back the rocket is about to break.
The rocket was crypto.
He's held it back.
The bankers were holding it back and they were pulling down the rocket.
We're going to break that chain.
We're going to break the rope that's holding back this.
We're in the last days and God's going to do something major as a great financial outpouring in these last days through certain cryptos, through certain precious metals, through certain land and property housing, creative ideas.
I just believe with all my heart that God is going to rain it on the people who he can trust so we can get the job done.
It's for this great harvest.
What will you do with what God has given you?
Can he trust you to go to the greater glory?
As Braden and I have seen the channel grow and the other channels worldwide, all seven of them, and X, we hit 50,000 subscribers on Facebook this week.
All to the glory of God.
50,000 people.
When I started out this last summer with nothing, I just started posting, he just started doing it really hard on Facebook trying to get Facebook up for alternatives.
Very interesting, so they're growing.
Facebook and X are growing—all glory to God.
I want to thank—if the Lord tarries, what's our five-year plan?
What is God calling you to do to come up higher in your thinking?
I thought about documenting miracles.
Braden loves cameras and all the stuff he does.
I thought about documenting what's about to happen, have it videoed with good video gear, and be able to tell the people through this channel, through other channels, uploading miracles because there's such a platform the Lord has given us to be able to show these miracles, to be able to tell the people that Jesus Christ is still a healer.
I'm excited about it.
I said, 'Let's do this big.
Let's give all glory to God.
Have the miracle from all of you shot.
' Yes, Braden.
We just bounce things off each other.
It's like, let's do something huge.
Go from revival to revival, get us a bus, get in the bus and go places, go to these places and get ready for what's happening.
Say, 'We're going to John Kilpatrick's church this week.
We're going to stay the whole week with him, he's going to have revival and we're going to film all the miracles that are happening.
' We get in the bus, we go up somewhere else and we film that and put it all over on our channel and blow it out all over the internet so people know that Jesus Christ is doing revival all over the place.
Isn't that cool?
I just thought, why not?
It's about to happen.
I give God all the glory for it.
Just ideas of how are we going to do what we are going to do with this because it's going to be amazing and we got to have video of it.
I'm sure they'll video it too but some of them don't have the channels that the Lord has blessed us with the audience.
So as for right now I just keep thinking, how do you reach the multitudes?
How do you get them because they're coming?
The Lord said, 'Be patient with my babies, patient.
' Brandon, you were once a baby, Brandon.
Remember that.
Don't be rude.
Don't, you know, Sister Clipboard, be trying to hit people in the head with it.
Chill out.
You once were messed up, too, and you still are, Sister Clipboard.
We got to love the babies, and we love you, Sister Clipboard.
So, don't be trying to hit people with your clipboard.
I don't know.
I mean that metaphor, hitting people and not being nice to folks when they come in.
They might come in and they might be homosexual and they get born again that first day and they don't know the right from wrong.
They just been raised in the world.
So what are you going to do if a transgender comes into your service and they got pink eyelashes and fake boobs, men, and they come into the service and they sit on the back row?
You're going to tell him to get out, but I'm here.
I need help.
Are you going to love on him?
What would Jesus do to him?
How would he pray for him?
How would he lift him up?
Would he be so immediately dismissive, you know, because he has pink hair?
Get that guy out of here.
He has eyelashes in his hair.
He has fake body parts.
They're coming in.
And that's what the Lord's been telling me, Brandon.
They're going to come in by the millions.
And they're all screwed up just like you were.
Be patient with my babies.
That's what he said.
Bring them in, teach them, and disciple them.
Teach them the word of God.
Love on them.
Get them baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Let the Holy Spirit take control.
Get them delivered from devils.
The Lord said one of the things that he said, Brandon, do you realize I'm coming even after the occult?
I'm coming after some of the darkest devil worshippers that ever existed.
Some of the greatest, leading high priestesses of satanic fellowships or covens of witches.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to save them all.
The ones that will yield.
The power of God is going to get them.
" But we think too small.
We're just going to have revival in our little church and we're going to raise our hands and say Jesus and do our thing.
There's going to be a couple of us in there, our little hundred members, and we're so excited.
The Lord said, "Do you understand?
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
He's coming after your sons and your daughters.
" The worst, hardest cases.
He talks in Acts about pricking the hearts, the hardened hearts.
What's that scripture, son?
He pricks the hearts in Acts chapter 4, I believe.
He pricks the hearts of the unbelievers.
But he's coming after the hardest of hearts, the ones that seem like impossible cases.
And I believe we're about to see something that's going to be shocking all.
So, I just wanted to tell you all, it's on my heart.